Refs #2356: Add a note to the prerequisites section about requiring a modern browser (#2357)
django-commons/django-debug-toolbar: docs/installation.rst

        }
    ]

> Third, the Debug Toolbar requires a modern browser. Since the toolbar is a

Reviewer: Maybe we explicitly mention [Baseline Newly Available](https://web.dev/series/baseline-newly-available) here. Since it sets a clear expectation and serves as a guideline for internal development.

Perhaps even linked, it never hurts if people learn a little about the platform they are developing for.

development tool, this is generally not an issue — if you need to test in an

> older browser, simply disable the toolbar for that session.

Reviewer: Here's a full suggestion:
```suggestion
Third, the Debug Toolbar requires an up to date browser and targets [Baseline Newly Available](https://web.dev/series/baseline-newly-available) to delivery modern debug tools. Should you need to test in an
older browser, simply disable the toolbar for those sessions.
```

Author: Thanks! Much better.
